PEP 710: state initial support in PDM (#3882)
python/peps: peps/pep-0710.rst

the ``provenance_url.json`` metadata file for cases when ``direct_url.json`` is not
created.

> Project PDM provided initial support for the ``provenance_url.json`` file,
> following this specification in `pdm-project/pdm#3013`_.

Reviewer: Rewording this sentence to better fit within the reference implementation section
```suggestion
A reference implementation for supporting the ``provenance_url.json`` file
in PDM exists is available in `pdm-project/pdm#3013`_.
```

Thanks to Stéphane Bidoul and Chris Jerdonek for :pep:`610`.

Thanks to Frost Ming for raising possible concern around storing index URL in

> the ``provenance_url.json`` file and initial PEP-710 support in PDM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the ``provenance_url.json`` file and initial PEP 710 support in PDM.
```
